Updating Product OS sidebar (#11067)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/_snippets/identify-setting-user-properties.mdx

You'll notice that one of the parameters in the `identify` method is a `properties` object. 

This enables you to set [person properties](/docs/product-analytics/person-properties). 

Whenever possible, we recommend passing in all person properties you have available each time you call identify, as this ensures their person profile on PostHog is up to date.

> Person properties can also be set using a `capture` and not only with `identify`. 

Reviewer: "not only with `identify" is a bit awk
```suggestion
Person properties can also be set being adding a `$set` property to a event `capture` call. 
```
